
This is the battle cats. This is the battle cats, a game where I have to defend my own base using cats. It is a lot harder than it seems because I have to choose the right type of cats to beat this level. In this case, I chose the wrong cats, so I lose instantly. So I have to find a strategy to beat this level.

So my project was to create a chatbot that helps me find the correct strategy. And I'll show you the program now. 1st, I created a script that scrapes data of a website that contains information to beat different kinds of levels. In this case, I trained the model to know how to beat 50 different levels. Now I'll show you the main script.

The main script covers a lot of functionalities, but basically, a local host is created in which we can access the agent. The agent accesses the Api and the query-engine. In this case, I used, the open AI API. So now I demonstrate how it works. First, we have to log in to enable data persistence.

This was required by Chainlit. Now it takes a little bit time to load, and on the left side, we can see the chat history. These were queries that I created a few days ago. It was just for testing purposes to see if the bot is functioning correct. And in most cases, the agent was able to retrieve the correct data from different kind of levels.

As you can see, I can also also delete the chats. Now I ask in real time to tell me about BattleCats. This is just not general knowledge, and I didn't have to train specific data for this, but it's a good answer to me because open AI has really good, large language model. Now I ask a specific question on the data that I provided. As you can see, I asked the bot which enemies appear in a specific level.

Now it takes a little of time, but I get an answer. And now I want to know how to beat this level. So now I get a few tips how to beat this level. It says I have to prepare anti alien cats, and I have to use crowd control cats and a lot of other strategies. So now I will try to do it.

As you can see, I chose a different type of cats. They don't look like cats because this game is a little bit weird. But still, as you can see, I managed to beat this level. So this chatbot really helped me to find a strategy to beat this really hard level.